1)
Local workers in Geelong losing jobs to 457 visa holders, union claims

Local workers are being overlooked for jobs at a Geelong construction site because the contractor is using foreign workers on 457 visas, the manufacturing union claims.

Nearly 100 local welders, boilermakers and other skilled workers have applied for jobs with New World Engineering Construction (NWEC), which has been contracted by the Viva Energy oil refinery to build a new storage tank.

According to the Australian Manufacturing Workers' Union (AMWU), all local applicants have been rejected.

The union claims much of the company's workforce is Korean, here on 457 visas.

"Local people have applied for it. They've sent resumes in ... They've approached the company on the site, saying 'I work locally, I'm a boilermaker or a welder and I've worked before and I desperately need a job' and they've been rejected," AMWU state organiser Tony Hynds told 7.30.

Local boilermaker and pressure pipe welder Adrian Albert was one applicant who was rejected.

"They've brought their own gear, own cranes, own containers, own men ― half the blokes who are on the job, if they are Australian, are from out of state," Mr Albert said.

'There is no work here any more'

For years Mr Albert worked here at the local Shell refinery, but two years ago Shell pulled out leaving the refinery to Viva Energy. Retrenchments soon followed.

"There is no work here anymore, and the amount of industry that is closed down, it was big industry ― everyone is travelling up the highway to Melbourne. The traffic is bumper-to-bumper at 4:30 in the morning because that's the only place now to work," Mr Albert said.

NWEC was unavailable for an interview, but told 7.30 it employs nine "specialist tank construction workers" on 457 visas at the site. It said its other 41 employees on the job are Australian.

The company said the visa workers have the "extremely specialised welding and boiler making skills" necessary for the tank's construction.

he manufacturing union's Mr Hynds believes there are far more than nine 457 visa workers.

"We've seen the sign-on list of people, there is in excess of 50 people out there at the moment," he said.

"Bear in mind we've been out there four times and every time people are saying it's well over half the workforce are these workers.

'Unscrupulous employers' taking advantage of 457 visas

Details of the visa scheme are not transparent, according to Adelaide University's Dr Joanna Howe, and while most employers do the right thing, some don't.

"We do know that at the margins there is a very serious and available opportunity for unscrupulous employers to take advantage of 457 visas and to use it to undercut wages and conditions and to replace Australian workers with foreign workers."

On Monday Opposition Leader Bill Shorten introduced a private member's bill into Parliament he claimed would end such exploitation.

On Monday Opposition Leader Bill Shorten introduced a private member's bill into Parliament he claimed would end such exploitation.

"We simply ask employers to show the need for the nominated occupations ― and to prove none of these positions can be filled by Australians," Mr Shorten said.

The Government accused Mr Shorten of hypocrisy, saying 457 visas skyrocketed under Labor, including a visa deal for fast food giant McDonald's.

"It doesn't matter whether it is the special deal for McDonald's, importing foreign workers and preferring them over Australian workers, it doesn't matter what example you need to look at. This Leader of the Opposition can't lie straight in bed," Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said.

More than 600 occupations are listed as eligible for 457 visas, categories currently determined behind closed doors by an employer-dominated committee.

Dr Howe is strongly critical of this process, calling for an independent and transparent committee to compile the list.

"Two years ago flight attendants were mysteriously added to the occupational list for the 457 visa and it came out in Parliament that that was following a meeting between the head of the Department of Immigration with Alan Joyce, who was the CEO of Qantas, who obviously had a vested interest in getting flight attendants on that 457 visa list," she said.

Mr Dutton now plans to reduce that list and also reduce the time an unemployed visa holder stays in the country from 90 to 60 days.

But according to Dr Howe, that sends exactly the wrong message.

"What this does is to increase the vulnerability dramatically of that 457 visa holder," she said.

"If they are in an exploitative situation they are going to be far less likely to complain or to try to get out of it. They are going to accept whatever their employer tells them because they've now got 30 less days to find a new job."
======单词=======
welder 焊工
boilermaker 锅炉制造工(或公司)
crane 起重机
bloke （非正式）男人，家伙 e.g. He is a nice bloke
pull out: n. [C]the act of an army, business etc leaving a particular place 撤离，撤出
retrenchment: if a government or organization retrenches, it spends less money. e.g. a government policy of retrenchment

bumper to bumper 一辆一辆的，紧挨着的； bumper 保险杠
in excess of 超过 e.g. There is in excess of 50 people out there at the moment
bear in mind
unscrupulous adj. 不道德的
take advantage of sth (to do sth): to use a particular situation to do or get what you want
undercut wages and conditions
private member 普通议员
hypocrisy n. 虚伪
skyrocket （非正式）v. 急升，激增
deal
1. 协议
2. a great deal of 不可数
3. 待遇 a better deal 
4. it's a deal 成交

parliament 议会
exploitation
1. 压榨，剥削
2. 开发，开采
   the controlled exploitation of resources 有节制的资源开发
can't lie straight in bed 每一句实话
flight attendant 空中乘务员


2)
An ice sheet in West Antarctica is breaking from the inside out.

The significant new findings published yesterday in Geophysical Research Letters show that the ocean is melting the interior of the Pine Island Glacier, which is about the size of Texas. The crack seems to be accelerating, said Ian Howat, associate professor of earth sciences at Ohio State University and the study’s lead author. The findings are the first confirmation of something glaciologists have long suspected was happening, he said.

“It’s showing a new weakness in the ice shelf, and it’s showing the weakness may be extending far up the glacier,” he said. “That’s the alarming thing from our standpoint.”

Higher ocean temperatures are causing the ice to shrink at an accelerating rate, and it’s eroding the ice fringing the continent. That, in turn, opens the ice sheet to further contact with warmer ocean water and increases the amount of ice running into the ocean, the researchers found.

“More importantly, it gives us a mechanism for even faster retreat in the future. Before, we used to have a slow retreat at the edges of the ice shelf,” Howat said. "The ocean had to nibble away at it on the edges. This allows the ice shelf to break apart way further inland from the inside out."

This latest retreat is particularly noteworthy because it’s farther inland than anything scientists have previously observed, he said. It also shows that the region could be more vulnerable than previously thought.

If Antarctica were not covered in ice, it would be a series of islands. That means much of the ice in the region is already under constant pressure from the ocean, as its movements dislodge the ice that covers the area between the land masses. Cracking is more likely to occur in the valleys located on the ice sheet, where the ocean is in closer contact with the ice, researchers found.

The currents off Antarctica are warmer and carry saltier water that encourages melting. The sea temperature is about 5 degrees Celsius, which is far warmer than the average surface temperature of minus 20 C. That causes a twofold vulnerability for the ice, because some of it is located underwater and because it is exposed to the warm sea around it.

Similar rifts have already been observed in Greenland, as the Arctic warms and ocean water flows along the bedrock, causing the ice to melt. The Pine Island Glacier and a similar-sized neighboring glacier are unique because they block ice flows from reaching the sea. That’s enough to keep about 10 percent of the ice sheet from toppling into the warmer water.


=====单词======
ice sheet 冰层
crack n. 裂缝
rift n.裂缝
geophysical 地球物理学
lead authour 主要作者， 首席作者
glaciologist
standpoint
erode
fringe v. 形成...的边缘 adj.边缘的 n.外围，刘海
retreat

dislodge 
1. to force or knock something out of its position
2. to make some one leave a place or lose a position of power 

land mass n.地块
valley n.谷底， 峡谷
Celcius 摄氏
topple v.倒塌
cavity n.洞
globe n.地球 e.g. coastal cities across
dam n.水坝
spillway 溢洪道
reservoir n.水库
inundate v. 淹没
increased flooding 洪水增多